1581086 update image filenames part two 10-04 (#14970)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/microservices/implement-resilient-applications/use-httpclientfactory-to-implement-resilient-http-requests.md

The following diagram shows how Typed Clients are used with `HttpClientFactory`:

![Diagram showing how typed clients are used with HttpClientFactory.](./media/use-httpclientfactory-to-implement-resilient-http-requests/client-application-code.png)

**Figure 8-4**. Using HttpClientFactory with Typed Client classes.

> A ClientService (used by a controller or client code) uses an `HttpClient` created by the registered `IHttpClientFactory`. This factory assigns the `HttpClient` an `HttpMessageHandler` from a pool it manages. The `HttpClient` can be configured with Polly's policies when registering the `IHttpClientFactory` in the DI container with the extension method `AddHttpClient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above image, a ClientService (used by a controller or client code) uses an `HttpClient` created by the registered `IHttpClientFactory`. This factory assigns the `HttpClient` an `HttpMessageHandler` from a pool it manages. The `HttpClient` can be configured with Polly's policies when registering the `IHttpClientFactory` in the DI container with the extension method `AddHttpClient`.
```

> First, setup `HttpClientFactory` in your application by installing the `Microsoft.Extensions.Http` NuGet package that includes the `AddHttpClient()` extension method for `IServiceCollection`. This extension method registers the `DefaultHttpClientFactory` to be used as a singleton for the interface `IHttpClientFactory`. It defines a transient configuration for the `HttpMessageHandlerBuilder`. This message handler (`HttpMessageHandler` object), taken from a pool, is used by the `HttpClient` returned from the factory.

Reviewer: Tweaking a bit the original text.

```suggestion
To configure the above structure, add `HttpClientFactory` in your application by installing the `Microsoft.Extensions.Http` NuGet package that includes the `AddHttpClient()` extension method for `IServiceCollection`. This extension method registers the `DefaultHttpClientFactory` to be used as a singleton for the interface `IHttpClientFactory`. It defines a transient configuration for the `HttpMessageHandlerBuilder`. This message handler (`HttpMessageHandler` object), taken from a pool, is used by the `HttpClient` returned from the factory.
```
